Documentation: Adding documentation about default logo (#21675)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/administration/customize.md

Ensure that the parameter `displayBrandingArea` is set to `true` in bbb-html5's configuration, restart BigBlueButton server with `sudo bbb-conf --restart` and pass `logo=<image-url>` in Custom parameters when creating the meeting.

### Changing the default logo

> To update the default logo, navigate to the `images` folder located at `bigbluebutton-config/assets/`, and replace the `logo.png` file with your new logo.

Reviewer: Wouldn't we want to use the server path instead of the source code path? i.e. 
```suggestion
To update the default logo, navigate to the `images` folder located at `/var/www/bigbluebutton-default/assets/images/`, and replace the `logo.png` file with your new logo.
```
